Two orphans, Ajay and Arya, meet at an orphanage, where the psychotic and toxic Arya forcibly befriends Ajay and grows possessive about him, while Ajay despises him but pretends not to. A rich family adopts Ajay, while Arya is left alone. Ajay grows to become a businessman and owner of an [IT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_technology "Information technology") company. One day, when some rowdies trouble him, Arya enters their house and injures them brutally using surgical instruments. He is arrested and Ajay gets him bailed, and soon, their car meets with an accident, leading to Arya saving Ajay from falling off a bridge. In exchange, Ajay agrees to make Arya as his business partner, but with a condition that Arya must reform himself. Arya transforms and becomes a sophisticated and hardworking businessman. Within a short span of time, he earns everyone's respect at Ajay's company, including Shanti, who develops a liking for him.

One day, when Geetha joins the company, both Arya and Ajay fall for her. Ajay keeps his feelings to himself, but Arya constantly keeps confessing his love for Geetha. Soon, she learns of Arya's real behavior and tries to expose him, but in vain. However, one night, she manages to emotionally blackmail Arya into exposing himself. However, when he proposes to her, she, in turn, proposes to Ajay to get rid of him. Ajay frames Arya for a car crash so that Geeta will love him. As both Geetha and Ajay express their attraction for each other, Arya decides to get them married. However, Geetha gets taken away by her violent family members on the day of her marriage. Her father Raji Reddy is a hardcore criminal who wants her to marry the son of Kashi Reddy, a rival, to end the conflict between both gangs. Arya goes to bring Geetha and stays at her house. Arya conspires to get the marriage stopped and is asked by Raji Reddy to marry her after he rescues Geetha from her kidnapping.

However, he helps Ajay reunite and flee with Geetha, further justifying that he married her to prevent her from marrying someone else. Back home, where everyone is searching for Geetha, Arya reveals that she is at the railway station. Realizing what he has done, he rushes to the railway station and saves Ajay from getting killed by Raji Reddy. Arya reveals to Ajay that he was the one who informed Raji Reddy as he was unable to sacrifice his wife. Later, Ajay is taken hostage by Raji Reddy and Arya makes Kashi Reddy hold Geetha hostage to demand Ajay's freedom. Arya and Subbi (whose marriage with Geetha was stalled) become friends, and the latter helps the trio escape.

Arya and Shanti arrange for passports and tickets to help Ajay and Geetha flee to America, but Arya demands one friendly day with them, during which Geetha grows closer to Arya. Ajay changes their destination to Australia to prevent Arya from stopping them and Geetha looks down on Ajay for betraying Arya. Before they leave, Ajay spots Raji Reddy. Geetha informs Ajay that she called her father, as she wanted to discuss their love matter with him, rather than let Arya take the fall for everything. Raji Reddy arrives and starts thrashing Ajay. Arya threatens to kill Geetha, but Raji Reddy tells Arya to kill her, as Arya cannot kill her. Raji Reddy attempts to stab Ajay. However, Arya covers him, gets stabbed, and is hospitalized. Ajay has a change of heart seeing Arya ready to sacrifice even his own life for his friendship. In the hospital, Arya asks Ajay to press a button in the hospital equipment which causes him to suffocate as the oxygen supply stops. Arya is saved on time, but Ajay, who pressed the button without any ill intentions, is slapped by Geetha. Arya secretly apologizes to Ajay, who then leaves with a smile, realizing Geetha and Arya's love.